moms are great dinosaurs are great too
but which dinosaur was the greatest mom
being a good mom starts with finding a
good place to give birth to your babies
Argentinosaurus moms knew a good place
when they saw it in an area of Argentina
known today as a Luca male Valle
thousands of their fossilized eggs have
been discovered making it a kind of
giant maternity ward for hundreds of
some of the world's largest ever
dinosaurs to be a good mom you also need
to nurture your babies velociraptors may
have a fearsome reputation but even
terrifying dinosaurs could be good moms
they are now known to have had feathered
four limbs and some believe they use
these feathers to give warmth and
protection to their eggs and possibly
their newly hatched young in the nest
much like modern Birds only on the
ground not a tree mom's will also defend
their babies from attack euoplocephalus
babies when they hatch from their eggs
were tiny and vulnerable an easy snack
for a hungry t-rex you might think but
these moms group their babies together
and even a t-rex may have thought twice
about attacking the babies of a six
metre long two ton uber armored tail
club swinging euoplocephalus mom good
moms do all these things
choosing the right place to birth
nurturing their young and defending them
great moms do all this and provide the
grub dinosaur fossils discovered in
Montana USA show a real Super Mom
dinosaur in action groups of moms nested
in the same colony each defending and
nurturing a nest of up top 40 babies
food for the greedy young dinos was
brought back to the nest to help them
triple their birth size by their first
birthday and the name of this dinosaur
Maiasaura which translates as good
mother lizard and we can't argue with
that but we're left with one nagging
question
what would a baby Maiasaura have given
to its mom on Mother's Day if you think
you know tell us in the comments below